README.md, before:

# CareApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.4.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Contributing
1) First, fork this repository to your account.
2) Clone this repository (this would make rebasing easier).
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yasirunilan/CareApp.git
   ```
3) go to the cloned project and install dependencies.
    ```
    cd CareApp
    npm install
    
    ```
4) Add a remote to your forked repository. This remote will be needed to push your changes to your repo.
    ```
    git remote add myfork https://github.com/<username>/CareApp.git
    ```
5) Find an issue in this repository that you would like to and can fix. Start working on an issue.
6) Create a new branch and switch to it. (make sure you are on master before doing this).
    ```
    git checkout -b mybranch
    ```
7) After you do the changes commit them to your fork.
    ```
    git push -u myfork mybranch
    ```
8) Then create a Pull Request from that branch using GitHub.
     
## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updated the contributors guide with project description

README.md, after:

# CareApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.4.1.

This project aims at developing a Web application to do Donations to poor or needy people.
Needy people can get registered through this application and donors also can register through this application.After  that donors can make donations by checking a list of needy people. This avoids going to banks to make donations and donation handling will be done through this platform.

As this is an ongoing project we need support from developers to develop this application.
Any sort of a contribution is appreciated. 
## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Contributing
1) First, fork this repository to your account.
2) Clone this repository (this would make rebasing easier).
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yasirunilan/CareApp.git
   ```
3) go to the cloned project and install dependencies.
    ```
    cd CareApp
    npm install
    
    ```
4) Add a remote to your forked repository. This remote will be needed to push your changes to your repo.
    ```
    git remote add myfork https://github.com/<username>/CareApp.git
    ```
5) Find an issue in this repository that you would like to and can fix. Start working on an issue.
6) Create a new branch and switch to it. (make sure you are on master before doing this).
    ```
    git checkout -b mybranch
    ```
7) After you do the changes commit them to your fork.
    ```
    git push -u myfork mybranch
    ```
8) Then create a Pull Request from that branch using GitHub.
     
## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
